---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rhcs_cloud_providers Data Source - terraform-provider-rhcs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  List of cloud providers.
---

# rhcs_cloud_providers (Data Source***REMOVED***

List of cloud providers.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `order` (String***REMOVED*** Order criteria.
- `search` (String***REMOVED*** Search criteria.

### Read-Only

- `item` (Attributes***REMOVED*** Content of the list when there is exactly one item. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--item***REMOVED******REMOVED***
- `items` (Attributes List***REMOVED*** Content of the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items***REMOVED******REMOVED***

<a id="nestedatt--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `item`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String***REMOVED*** Human friendly name of the cloud provider, for example 'AWS' or 'GCP'
- `id` (String***REMOVED*** Unique identifier of the cloud provider. This is what should be used when referencing the cloud provider from other places, for example in the 'cloud_provider' attribute of the cluster resource.
- `name` (String***REMOVED*** Short name of the cloud provider, for example 'aws' or 'gcp'.


<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String***REMOVED*** Human friendly name of the cloud provider, for example 'AWS' or 'GCP'
- `id` (String***REMOVED*** Unique identifier of the cloud provider. This is what should be used when referencing the cloud provider from other places, for example in the 'cloud_provider' attribute of the cluster resource.
- `name` (String***REMOVED*** Short name of the cloud provider, for example 'aws' or 'gcp'.
