---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rhcs_cluster_rosa_hcp Data Source - terraform-provider-rhcs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenShift managed cluster using rosa sts.
---

# rhcs_cluster_rosa_hcp (Data Source)

OpenShift managed cluster using rosa sts.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "rhcs_cluster_rosa_hcp" "cluster" {
  id = "cluster-id-123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the cluster.

### Optional

- `domain_prefix` (String) The domain prefix is optionally assigned by the user.It will appear in the Cluster's domain when the cluster is provisionedIf not supplied, it will be auto generated.After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `kms_key_arn` (String) Used to encrypt root volume of compute node pools. The key ARN is the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a AWS Key Management Service (KMS) Key. It is a unique, fully qualified identifier for the AWS KMS Key. A key ARN includes the AWS account, Region, and the key ID(optional). After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `registry_config` (Attributes) Registry configuration for this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--registry_config))

### Read-Only

- `admin_credentials` (Attributes) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--admin_credentials))
- `api_url` (String) URL of the API server.
- `availability_zones` (List of String) Availability zones. This attribute specifically applies to the Worker Machine Pool and becomes irrelevant once the resource is created. Any modifications to the initial Machine Pool should be made through the Terraform imported Machine Pool resource. For more details, refer to [Worker Machine Pool in ROSA Cluster](../guides/worker-machine-pool.md)
- `aws_account_id` (String) Identifier of the AWS account. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `aws_additional_allowed_principals` (List of String) AWS additional allowed principals.
- `aws_additional_compute_security_group_ids` (List of String) AWS additional compute security group ids. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `aws_billing_account_id` (String) Identifier of the AWS account for billing. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `aws_subnet_ids` (List of String) AWS subnet IDs. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `base_dns_domain` (String) Base DNS domain name previously reserved, e.g. '1vo8.p3.openshiftapps.com'. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `channel_group` (String) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `cloud_region` (String) Cloud region identifier, for example 'us-east-1'.
- `compute_machine_type` (String) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `console_url` (String) URL of the console.
- `create_admin_user` (Boolean) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `current_version` (String) The currently running version of OpenShift on the cluster, for example '4.11.0'.
- `destroy_timeout` (Number) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `disable_waiting_in_destroy` (Boolean) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `domain` (String) DNS domain of cluster.
- `ec2_metadata_http_tokens` (String) This value determines which EC2 Instance Metadata Service mode to use for EC2 instances in the cluster.This can be set as `optional` (IMDS v1 or v2) or `required` (IMDSv2 only). After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `etcd_encryption` (Boolean) Encrypt etcd data. Note that all AWS storage is already encrypted. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `etcd_kms_key_arn` (String) Used for etcd encryption. The key ARN is the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a AWS Key Management Service (KMS) Key. It is a unique, fully qualified identifier for the AWS KMS Key. A key ARN includes the AWS account, Region, and the key ID(optional). After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `external_id` (String) Unique external identifier of the cluster. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `host_prefix` (Number) Length of the prefix of the subnet assigned to each node. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `machine_cidr` (String) Block of IP addresses for nodes. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `max_hcp_cluster_wait_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `max_machinepool_wait_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster. Cannot exceed 54 characters in length. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `no_cni` (Boolean) Disable CNI creation to let users bring their own CNI. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `ocm_properties` (Map of String) Merged properties defined by OCM and the user defined 'properties'.
- `pod_cidr` (String) Block of IP addresses for pods. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `private` (Boolean) Provides private connectivity from your cluster's VPC to Red Hat SRE, without exposing traffic to the public internet. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `properties` (Map of String) User defined properties.
- `proxy` (Attributes) proxy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy))
- `replicas` (Number) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `service_cidr` (String) Block of IP addresses for the cluster service network. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `shared_vpc` (Attributes) Shared VPC configuration.After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shared_vpc))
- `state` (String) State of the cluster.
- `sts` (Attributes) STS configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sts))
- `tags` (Map of String) Apply user defined tags to all cluster resources created in AWS. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `upgrade_acknowledgements_for` (String) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `version` (String) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `wait_for_create_complete` (Boolean) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `wait_for_std_compute_nodes_complete` (Boolean) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource
- `worker_disk_size` (Number) This attribute is not supported for cluster data source. Therefore, it will not be displayed as an output of the datasource

<a id="nestedatt--registry_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `registry_config`

Optional:

- `additional_trusted_ca` (Map of String) additional_trusted_ca is a map containing the registry hostname as the key, and the PEM-encoded certificate as the value, for each additional registry CA to trust.
- `allowed_registries_for_import` (Attributes List) allowed_registries_for_import limits the container image registries that normal users may import images from. Set this list to the registries that you trust to contain valid Docker images and that you want applications to be able to import from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--registry_config--allowed_registries_for_import))
- `platform_allowlist_id` (String) platform_allowlist_id contains a reference to a RegistryAllowlist which is a list of internal registries which needs to be whitelisted for the platform to work. It can be omitted at creation and updating and its lifecycle can be managed separately if needed.
- `registry_sources` (Attributes) registry_sources contains configuration that determines how the container runtime should treat individual registries when accessing images for builds+pods. (e.g. whether or not to allow insecure access).  It does not contain configuration for the internal cluster registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--registry_config--registry_sources))

<a id="nestedatt--registry_config--allowed_registries_for_import"></a>
### Nested Schema for `registry_config.allowed_registries_for_import`

Optional:

- `domain_name` (String) domain_name specifies a domain name for the registry
- `insecure` (Boolean) insecure indicates whether the registry is secure (https) or insecure (http). By default (if not specified) the registry is assumed as secure.


<a id="nestedatt--registry_config--registry_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `registry_config.registry_sources`

Optional:

- `allowed_registries` (List of String) allowed_registries: registries for which image pull and push actions are allowed. To specify all subdomains, add the asterisk (*) wildcard character as a prefix to the domain name. For example, *.example.com. You can specify an individual repository within a registry. For example: reg1.io/myrepo/myapp:latest. All other registries are blocked. Mutually exclusive with `BlockedRegistries`
- `blocked_registries` (List of String) blocked_registries: registries for which image pull and push actions are denied. To specify all subdomains, add the asterisk (*) wildcard character as a prefix to the domain name. For example, *.example.com. You can specify an individual repository within a registry. For example: reg1.io/myrepo/myapp:latest. All other registries are allowed. Mutually exclusive with `AllowedRegistries`
- `insecure_registries` (List of String) insecure_registries are registries which do not have a valid TLS certificate or only support HTTP connections. To specify all subdomains, add the asterisk (*) wildcard character as a prefix to the domain name. For example, *.example.com. You can specify an individual repository within a registry. For example: reg1.io/myrepo/myapp:latest.



<a id="nestedatt--admin_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_credentials`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Admin password that will be created with the cluster.
- `username` (String) Admin username that will be created with the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Read-Only:

- `additional_trust_bundle` (String) A string containing a PEM-encoded X.509 certificate bundle that will be added to the nodes' trusted certificate store.
- `http_proxy` (String) HTTP proxy.
- `https_proxy` (String) HTTPS proxy.
- `no_proxy` (String) No proxy.


<a id="nestedatt--shared_vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shared_vpc`

Read-Only:

- `ingress_private_hosted_zone_id` (String) ID assigned by AWS to private Route 53 hosted zone associated with intended shared VPC, e.g. 'Z05646003S02O1ENCDCSN'.
- `internal_communication_private_hosted_zone_id` (String) ID assigned by AWS to private Route 53 hosted zone associated with intended shared VPC, e.g. 'Z05646003S02O1ENCDCSN'.
- `route53_role_arn` (String) AWS IAM role ARN with a policy attached, granting permissions necessary to create and manage Route 53 DNS records in private Route 53 hosted zone associated with intended shared VPC.
- `vpce_role_arn` (String) AWS IAM role ARN with a policy attached, granting permissions necessary to create and manage VPC Endpoints associated with intended shared VPC.


<a id="nestedatt--sts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sts`

Read-Only:

- `instance_iam_roles` (Attributes) Instance IAM Roles (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sts--instance_iam_roles))
- `oidc_config_id` (String) OIDC Configuration ID
- `oidc_endpoint_url` (String) OIDC Endpoint URL
- `operator_role_prefix` (String) Operator IAM Role prefix
- `role_arn` (String) Installer Role
- `support_role_arn` (String) Support Role
- `thumbprint` (String) SHA1-hash value of the root CA of the issuer URL

<a id="nestedatt--sts--instance_iam_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sts.instance_iam_roles`

Read-Only:

- `worker_role_arn` (String) Worker/Compute Node Role ARN
