---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rhcs_cluster_rosa_classic Data Source - terraform-provider-rhcs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Show details of a cluster
---

# rhcs_cluster_rosa_classic (Data Source)

Show details of a cluster



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the cluster.

### Read-Only

- `admin_credentials` (Attributes) Admin user credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--admin_credentials))
- `api_url` (String) URL of the API server.
- `autoscaling_enabled` (Boolean) Enable autoscaling for the initial worker pool. (only valid during cluster creation)
- `availability_zones` (List of String) Availability zones.
- `aws_account_id` (String) Identifier of the AWS account.
- `aws_private_link` (Boolean) Provides private connectivity from your cluster's VPC to Red Hat SRE, without exposing traffic to the public internet.
- `aws_subnet_ids` (List of String) AWS subnet IDs.
- `base_dns_domain` (String) Base DNS domain name previously reserved and matching the hosted zone name of the private Route 53 hosted zone associated with intended shared VPC, e.g., '1vo8.p1.openshiftapps.com'.
- `ccs_enabled` (Boolean) Enables customer cloud subscription (Immutable with ROSA)
- `channel_group` (String) Name of the channel group where you select the OpenShift cluster version, for example 'stable'. For ROSA, only 'stable' is supported.
- `cloud_region` (String) Cloud region identifier, for example 'us-east-1'.
- `compute_machine_type` (String) Identifies the machine type used by the default/initial worker nodes, for example `m5.xlarge`. Use the `rhcs_machine_types` data source to find the possible values. (only valid during cluster creation)
- `console_url` (String) URL of the console.
- `current_version` (String) The currently running version of OpenShift on the cluster, for example '4.11.0'.
- `default_mp_labels` (Map of String) This value is the default/initial machine pool labels. Format should be a comma-separated list of '{"key1"="value1", "key2"="value2"}'. (only valid during cluster creation)
- `destroy_timeout` (Number, Deprecated) This value sets the maximum duration in minutes to allow for destroying resources. Default value is 60 minutes.
- `disable_scp_checks` (Boolean) Enables you to monitor your own projects in isolation from Red Hat Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) platform metrics.
- `disable_waiting_in_destroy` (Boolean, Deprecated) Disable addressing cluster state in the destroy resource. Default value is false, and so a `destroy` will wait for the cluster to be deleted.
- `disable_workload_monitoring` (Boolean) Enables you to monitor your own projects in isolation from Red Hat Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) platform metrics.
- `domain` (String) DNS domain of cluster.
- `ec2_metadata_http_tokens` (String) This value determines which EC2 Instance Metadata Service mode to use for EC2 instances in the cluster.This can be set as `optional` (IMDS v1 or v2) or `required` (IMDSv2 only). This feature is available from OpenShift version 4.11.0 and newer.
- `etcd_encryption` (Boolean) Encrypt etcd data. Note that all AWS storage is already encrypted.
- `external_id` (String) Unique external identifier of the cluster.
- `fips` (Boolean) Create cluster that uses FIPS Validated / Modules in Process cryptographic libraries.
- `host_prefix` (Number) Length of the prefix of the subnet assigned to each node.
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The key ARN is the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a AWS Key Management Service (KMS) Key. It is a unique, fully qualified identifier for the AWS KMS Key. A key ARN includes the AWS account, Region, and the key ID(optional).
- `machine_cidr` (String) Block of IP addresses for nodes.
- `max_replicas` (Number) Maximum replicas of worker nodes in a machine pool. (only valid during cluster creation)
- `min_replicas` (Number) Minimum replicas of worker nodes in a machine pool. (only valid during cluster creation)
- `multi_az` (Boolean) Indicates if the cluster should be deployed to multiple availability zones. Default value is 'false'.
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster. Cannot exceed 15 characters in length.
- `ocm_properties` (Map of String) Merged properties defined by OCM and the user defined 'properties'.
- `pod_cidr` (String) Block of IP addresses for pods.
- `private` (Boolean) Restrict cluster API endpoint and application routes to, private connectivity. This requires that PrivateLink be enabled and by extension, your own VPC.
- `private_hosted_zone` (Attributes) Used in a shared VPC topology. HostedZone attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_hosted_zone))
- `properties` (Map of String) User defined properties.
- `proxy` (Attributes) proxy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy))
- `replicas` (Number) Number of worker/compute nodes to provision. Single zone clusters need at least 2 nodes, multizone clusters need at least 3 nodes. (only valid during cluster creation)
- `service_cidr` (String) Block of IP addresses for the cluster service network.
- `state` (String) State of the cluster.
- `sts` (Attributes) STS configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sts))
- `tags` (Map of String) Apply user defined tags to all cluster resources created in AWS.
- `upgrade_acknowledgements_for` (String) Indicates acknowledgement of agreements required to upgrade the cluster version between minor versions (e.g. a value of "4.12" indicates acknowledgement of any agreements required to upgrade to OpenShift 4.12.z from 4.11 or before).
- `version` (String) Desired version of OpenShift for the cluster, for example '4.11.0'. If version is greater than the currently running version, an upgrade will be scheduled.
- `wait_for_create_complete` (Boolean, Deprecated) Wait until the cluster is either in a ready state or in an error state. The waiter has a timeout of 60 minutes, with the default value set to false
- `worker_disk_size` (Number) Compute node root disk size, in GiB. (only valid during cluster creation)

<a id="nestedatt--admin_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_credentials`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String) Admin password that will be created with the cluster.
- `username` (String) Admin username that will be created with the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--private_hosted_zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_hosted_zone`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID assigned by AWS to private Route 53 hosted zone associated with intended shared VPC, e.g. 'Z05646003S02O1ENCDCSN'.
- `role_arn` (String) AWS IAM role ARN with a policy attached, granting permissions necessary to create and manage Route 53 DNS records in private Route 53 hosted zone associated with intended shared VPC.


<a id="nestedatt--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Read-Only:

- `additional_trust_bundle` (String) A string containing a PEM-encoded X.509 certificate bundle that will be added to the nodes' trusted certificate store.
- `http_proxy` (String) HTTP proxy.
- `https_proxy` (String) HTTPS proxy.
- `no_proxy` (String) No proxy.


<a id="nestedatt--sts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sts`

Read-Only:

- `instance_iam_roles` (Attributes) Instance IAM Roles (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sts--instance_iam_roles))
- `oidc_config_id` (String) OIDC Configuration ID
- `oidc_endpoint_url` (String) OIDC Endpoint URL
- `operator_iam_role_arns` (List of String) Operator IAM Role ARNs
- `operator_role_prefix` (String) Operator IAM Role prefix
- `role_arn` (String) Installer Role
- `support_role_arn` (String) Support Role
- `thumbprint` (String) SHA1-hash value of the root CA of the issuer URL

<a id="nestedatt--sts--instance_iam_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sts.instance_iam_roles`

Read-Only:

- `master_role_arn` (String) Master/Control Plane Node Role ARN
- `worker_role_arn` (String) Worker/Compute Node Role ARN
