---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rhcs_machine_pool Data Source - terraform-provider-rhcs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Machine pool.
---

# rhcs_machine_pool (Data Source)

Machine pool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "rhcs_machine_pool" "machine_pool" {
  cluster = var.cluster_id
  id = var.machine_pool_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster` (String) Identifier of the cluster of the machine pool.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the machine pool.

### Read-Only

- `autoscaling_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether auto-scaling is activated for this machine pool.
- `availability_zone` (String) A single availability zone in which the machines of this machine pool are created. Relevant only for a single availability zone machine pool. For multiple availability zones check "availability_zones" attribute
- `availability_zones` (List of String) A list of Availability Zones. Relevant only for multiple availability zones machine pool. For single availability zone check "availability_zone" attribute.
- `aws_additional_security_group_ids` (List of String) AWS additional security group ids.
- `disk_size` (Number) The root disk size, in GiB.
- `labels` (Map of String) The list of the Labels of this machine pool.
- `machine_type` (String) Identifier of the machine type used by the nodes, for example `m5.xlarge`.
- `max_replicas` (Number) The maximum number of replicas for auto-scaling functionality. relevant only in case of 'autoscaling_enabled = true'
- `max_spot_price` (Number) Max Spot price.
- `min_replicas` (Number) The minimum number of replicas for autos-caling functionality. relevant only in case of 'autoscaling_enabled = true
- `multi_availability_zone` (Boolean) Specifies whether this machine pool is a multi-AZ machine pool. Relevant only in case of multi-AZ cluster
- `name` (String) The name of the machine pool
- `replicas` (Number) The machines number in the machine pool. relevant only in case of 'autoscaling_enabled = false'
- `subnet_id` (String) An ID of single subnet in which the machines of this machine pool are created. Relevant only for a machine pool with single subnet. For machine pool with multiple subnets check "subnet_ids" attribute
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) A list of IDs of subnets in which the machines of this machine pool are created. Relevant only for a machine pool with multiple subnets. For machine pool with single subnet check "subnet_id" attribute
- `taints` (Attributes List) The list of the Taints of this machine pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--taints))
- `use_spot_instances` (Boolean) Indicates if Amazon EC2 Spot Instances used in this machine pool.

<a id="nestedatt--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `taints`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Taints key
- `schedule_type` (String) Taints schedule type
- `value` (String) Taints value
