---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ocm_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-ocm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenShift managed cluster.
---

# ocm_cluster (Resource***REMOVED***

OpenShift managed cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (String***REMOVED*** Cloud provider identifier, for example 'aws'.
- `cloud_region` (String***REMOVED*** Cloud region identifier, for example 'us-east-1'.
- `name` (String***REMOVED*** Name of the cluster.
- `product` (String***REMOVED*** Product ID OSD or Rosa

### Optional

- `availability_zones` (List of String***REMOVED*** availability zones
- `aws_access_key_id` (String, Sensitive***REMOVED*** Identifier of the AWS access key.
- `aws_account_id` (String***REMOVED*** Identifier of the AWS account.
- `aws_private_link` (Boolean***REMOVED*** aws subnet ids
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive***REMOVED*** AWS access key.
- `aws_subnet_ids` (List of String***REMOVED*** aws subnet ids
- `ccs_enabled` (Boolean***REMOVED*** Enables customer cloud subscription.
- `compute_machine_type` (String***REMOVED*** Identifier of the machine type used by the compute nodes, for example `r5.xlarge`. Use the `ocm_machine_types` data source to find the possible values.
- `compute_nodes` (Number***REMOVED*** Number of compute nodes of the cluster.
- `host_prefix` (Number***REMOVED*** Length of the prefix of the subnet assigned to each node.
- `machine_cidr` (String***REMOVED*** Block of IP addresses for nodes.
- `multi_az` (Boolean***REMOVED*** Indicates if the cluster should be deployed to multiple availability zones. Default value is 'false'.
- `pod_cidr` (String***REMOVED*** Block of IP addresses for pods.
- `properties` (Map of String***REMOVED*** User defined properties.
- `proxy` (Attributes***REMOVED*** proxy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy***REMOVED******REMOVED***
- `service_cidr` (String***REMOVED*** Block of IP addresses for services.
- `version` (String***REMOVED*** Identifier of the version of OpenShift, for example 'openshift-v4.1.0'.
- `wait` (Boolean***REMOVED*** Wait till the cluster is ready.

### Read-Only

- `api_url` (String***REMOVED*** URL of the API server.
- `console_url` (String***REMOVED*** URL of the console.
- `id` (String***REMOVED*** Unique identifier of the cluster.
- `state` (String***REMOVED*** State of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Required:

- `http_proxy` (String***REMOVED*** http proxy
- `https_proxy` (String***REMOVED*** https proxy

Optional:

- `no_proxy` (String***REMOVED*** no proxy


