---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rhcs_identity_provider Resource - terraform-provider-rhcs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Identity provider.
---

# rhcs_identity_provider (Resource)

Identity provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# htpasswd
resource "rhcs_identity_provider" "htpasswd_idp" {
  cluster = "<cluster-id>"
  name    = "htpasswd"
  htpasswd = {
    users = [{
      username = "<user-name>"
      password = "<user-password>"
    },
    ]
  }
}

# github
resource "ocm_identity_provider" "github_idp" {
  cluster = "<cluster-id>"
  name    = "Github"
  github = {
    client_id     = "<client-id>"
    client_secret = "<client-secret>"
    organizations = ["<org>"]
  }
}

# gitlab
resource "ocm_identity_provider" "gitlab_idp" {
  cluster = "<cluster-id>"
  name    = "GitLab"
  gitlab = {
    client_id     = "<client-id>"
    client_secret = "<client-secret>"
    url           = "<gitlab-url>"
  }
}

# google
resource "ocm_identity_provider" "google_idp" {
  cluster = "<cluster-id>"
  name = "google"
  google = {
    client_id = "<id>"
    client_secret = "<secret>"
    hosted_domain = "<hosted-domain>"
  }
}

# ldap
resource "rhcs_identity_provider" "ldap_idp" {
  cluster = "<cluster-id>"
  name    = "ldap"
  ldap = {
    url        = "<ldap-url>"
    attributes = {}
    # Optional Attributes
    ca       = "<ldap-ca>"
    insecure = true
  }
}

# openid
resource "rhcs_identity_provider" "openid_idp" {
  cluster = "<cluster-id>"
  name = "OpenID"
  openid = {
     client_id = "<client_id>"
     client_secret = "<client_secret>"
     issuer = "<issuer>"
     ca = "<openid-ca>"
     claims = "<claims>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster` (String) Identifier of the cluster.
- `name` (String) Name of the identity provider.

### Optional

- `github` (Attributes) Details of the Github identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--github))
- `gitlab` (Attributes) Details of the Gitlab identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gitlab))
- `google` (Attributes) Details of the Google identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--google))
- `htpasswd` (Attributes) Details of the 'htpasswd' identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--htpasswd))
- `ldap` (Attributes) Details of the LDAP identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ldap))
- `mapping_method` (String) Specifies how new identities are mapped to users when they log in. Options are `add`, `claim`, `generate` and `lookup`. (default is `claim`)
- `openid` (Attributes) Details of the OpenID identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--openid))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the identity provider.

<a id="nestedatt--github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Client identifier of a registered Github OAuth application.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret issued by Github.

Optional:

- `ca` (String) Path to PEM-encoded certificate file to use when making requests to the server.
- `hostname` (String) Optional domain to use with a hosted instance of GitHub Enterprise.
- `organizations` (List of String) Only users that are members of at least one of the listed organizations will be allowed to log in.
- `teams` (List of String) Only users that are members of at least one of the listed teams will be allowed to log in. The format is `<org>`/`<team>`.


<a id="nestedatt--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gitlab`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Client identifier of a registered Gitlab OAuth application.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret issued by Gitlab.
- `url` (String) URL of the Gitlab instance.

Optional:

- `ca` (String) Optional trusted certificate authority bundle.


<a id="nestedatt--google"></a>
### Nested Schema for `google`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Client identifier of a registered Google OAuth application.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret issued by Google.

Optional:

- `hosted_domain` (String) Restrict users to a Google Apps domain.


<a id="nestedatt--htpasswd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `htpasswd`

Required:

- `users` (Attributes List) A list of htpasswd user credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--htpasswd--users))

<a id="nestedatt--htpasswd--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `htpasswd.users`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) User password.
- `username` (String) User username.



<a id="nestedatt--ldap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldap`

Required:

- `attributes` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ldap--attributes))
- `url` (String) An RFC 2255 URL which specifies the LDAP search parameters to use.

Optional:

- `bind_dn` (String) DN to bind with during the search phase.
- `bind_password` (String, Sensitive) Password to bind with during the search phase.
- `ca` (String) Optional trusted certificate authority bundle.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Do not make TLS connections to the server.

<a id="nestedatt--ldap--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldap.attributes`

Optional:

- `email` (List of String) The list of attributes whose values should be used as the email address.
- `id` (List of String) The list of attributes whose values should be used as the user ID. (default ['dn'])
- `name` (List of String) The list of attributes whose values should be used as the display name. (default ['cn'])
- `preferred_username` (List of String) The list of attributes whose values should be used as the preferred username. (default ['uid'])



<a id="nestedatt--openid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `openid`

Required:

- `claims` (Attributes) OpenID Claims config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--openid--claims))
- `client_id` (String) Client ID from the registered application.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client Secret from the registered application.
- `issuer` (String) The URL that the OpenID Provider asserts as the Issuer Identifier. It must use the https scheme with no URL query parameters or fragment.

Optional:

- `ca` (String) Optional trusted certificate authority bundle.
- `extra_authorize_parameters` (Map of String)
- `extra_scopes` (List of String) List of scopes to request, in addition to the 'openid' scope, during the authorization token request.

<a id="nestedatt--openid--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `openid.claims`

Optional:

- `email` (List of String) List of claims to use as the email address.
- `groups` (List of String) List of claims to use as the groups names.
- `name` (List of String) List of claims to use as the display name.
- `preferred_username` (List of String) List of claims to use as the preferred username when provisioning a user.
