---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rhcs_machine_pool Resource - terraform-provider-rhcs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Machine pool.
---

# rhcs_machine_pool (Resource)

Machine pool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rhcs_machine_pool" "machine_pool" {
  cluster             = "<cluster-id>"
  name                = "mpname"
  machine_type        = "r5.xlarge"
  replicas            = 3
  labels = {one="bar1bari", two ="baz2il"}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster` (String) Identifier of the cluster. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `machine_type` (String) Identifier of the machine type used by the nodes, for example `m5.xlarge`. Use the `rhcs_machine_types` data source to find the possible values. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `name` (String) Name of the machine pool. Must consist of lower-case alphanumeric characters or '-', start and end with an alphanumeric character. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.

### Optional

- `autoscaling_enabled` (Boolean) Enables autoscaling. If `true`, this variable requires you to set a maximum and minimum replicas range using the `max_replicas` and `min_replicas` variables.
- `availability_zone` (String) Select the availability zone in which to create a single AZ machine pool for a multi-AZ cluster. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `aws_additional_security_group_ids` (List of String) AWS additional security group ids. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `disk_size` (Number) Root disk size, in GiB. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for the machine pool. Format should be a comma-separated list of 'key = value'. This list will overwrite any modifications made to node labels on an ongoing basis.
- `max_replicas` (Number) The maximum number of replicas for autoscaling functionality.
- `max_spot_price` (Number) Max Spot price. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `min_replicas` (Number) The minimum number of replicas for autoscaling functionality.
- `multi_availability_zone` (Boolean) Create a multi-AZ machine pool for a multi-AZ cluster (default is `true`). After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `replicas` (Number) The number of machines of the pool
- `subnet_id` (String) Select the subnet in which to create a single AZ machine pool for BYO-VPC cluster. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.
- `taints` (Attributes List) Taints for a machine pool. Format should be a comma-separated list of 'key=value'. This list will overwrite any modifications made to node taints on an ongoing basis. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--taints))
- `use_spot_instances` (Boolean) Use Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. After the creation of the resource, it is not possible to update the attribute value.

### Read-Only

- `availability_zones` (List of String) A list of Availability Zones. Relevant only for multiple availability zones machine pool. For single availability zone check "availability_zone" attribute.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the machine pool.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) A list of IDs of subnets in which the machines of this machine pool are created. Relevant only for a machine pool with multiple subnets. For machine pool with single subnet check "subnet_id" attribute

<a id="nestedatt--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `taints`

Required:

- `key` (String) Taints key
- `schedule_type` (String) Taints schedule type
- `value` (String) Taints value
