---
page_title: "ocm_cluster Resource"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenShift managed cluster.
---

# ocm_cluster (Resource)

OpenShift managed cluster.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **cloud_provider** (String) Cloud provider identifier, for example 'aws'.

- **cloud_region** (String) Cloud region identifier, for example 'us-east-1'.

- **name** (String) Name of the cluster.

### Optional

- **aws_access_key_id** (String) Identifier of the AWS access key that will be
  used to create the cluster. This is required when `ccs_enabled` is true.

- **aws_account_id** (String) Identifier of the AWS account where the cluster
  will be created. This is required when `ccs_enabled` is true.

- **aws_secret_access_key** (String) AWS access key that will be used to create
  the cluster. This is required when `ccs_enabled` is `true`.

- **ccs_enabled** (Boolean) Flag indicating if _customer cloud subscription_ is
  enabled. Default value is `false`. If set to `true` then the cluster will be
  created in an AWS account specified by the user with the `aws_account_id`,
  `aws_access_key_id` and `aws_secret_access_key` attributes.

- **compute_nodes** (Number) Number of compute nodes of the cluster.

- **compute_machine_type** (String) Identifier of the machine type used by the
  compute nodes, for example `r5.xlarge`. Use the `ocm_machine_types` data source
  to find the possible values.

  Note that the compute machine type of a cluster can't be changed. If you change
  the value of this attribute the cluster will be deleted and created again.

- **host_prefix** (Number) Length of the prefix of the subnet assigned to each
  node. Default value is `23`.

- **machine_cidr** (String) Block of IP addresses for nodes. Default value is
  `10.0.0.0/16`.

- **multi_az** (Boolean) Indicates if the cluster should be deployed to multiple
  availability zones. Default value is 'false'.

  Note a cluster that was created in a single availability zone can't be changed
  to use multiple availability zones. If you change the value of this attribute
  the cluster will be deleted and created again.

- **pod_cidr** (String) Block of IP addresses for pods. Default value is
  `172.30.0.0/16`.

- **properties** (Map of String) User defined properties.

- **service_cidr** (String) Block of IP addresses for services. Default value is
  `172.30.0.0/16`.

- **version** (String) Version of _OpenShift_ used to create the cluster, for
  example `openshift-v4.9.7`. The default is to use the latest version. To get the
  available versions use the `ocm_versions` data source.

- **wait** (Boolean) Wait till the cluster is ready.

### Read-Only

- **api_url** (String) URL of the API server.

- **console_url** (String) URL of the console.

- **id** (String) Unique identifier of the cluster.

- **state** (String) State of the cluster.